dxFileUploader: describe DropZone events (#1274)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxFileUploader/4 Events/dropZoneLeave.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Raised when the mouse leaves a drop zone while dragging a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raised when the mouse leaves a drop zone as it drags a file.
```
